But what I bought myself is no medicine.
If people don't know
Unless you don't
Grandpa I don't know
Su Mingzhe already knew that you were not his biological daughter
In order to fill the support of the Su family
He actually slept with Su Mingzhe
Your money, your phone.
The whole person is dirty
You hum
It seems that you know a lot
I still say that
What if you knew
To tell you the truth
Su's Group has already made equity adjustments
Su Mingzhe has long wanted to divorce Zhou Wenmei
Pretty soon.
I will become the mistress of the Su family, Li Zuomo
Humph
Well, you are Su Mingzhe's daughter
Then you have to call me mom
But what?
Su Qiankun is still waiting for your anger to save his life
I guess you won't live to see that
I will not let your conspiracy succeed